Little fish
What happened today is very important to Dad
You must be obedient for a while, you know?
Don't worry, dad.
Xiaoyuer is the most obedient
Do you often bring things?
Don't worry.
You wouldn't forget him if you did.
However, Song Yang
Are you really confident?
With him, I have the right to speak
Plus this.
There will be at least 8 wins
Whether it succeeds this time or not
My dad and I will support you
Today is our last stand
Good luck in a while, baby
Time machine why are you there
What's the matter, honey?
No one stipulates
I can't come to the reception banquet prepared by Mr. Gu
No one said you couldn't come
I'm just a little weird
Baby, you really think it's just a piece of jade
Let Mr. Gu change his decision
Our Qin Shao is really a big business
Ah, that just cost 800 million
Like nothing happened
Like Song Zi, I'll let you get it first
There will always be times when you kneel down and beg me
that
Let's wait and see when the richest man in the building arrives